channels: typo and language styling updates (#388)
aeternity/protocol: channels/README.md

On-chain interactions offer little to no privacy, since we currently make no
efforts to hide interacting parties or the nature of their interactions.

> Basic State channels reveal that two parties establish a channel and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Establishing a State channel reveals that two parties open a channel and
```
`Basic` reads as a new term, one we have not defined.
